Update docs to match new process (#9)
hypothesis/frontend-shared: docs/developing.md

> # Frontend Shared Package

Reviewer: I'd suggest something like "Development guide" rather than repeating the package name. Also the sentence below should say something like "This guide explains how to make changes to the frontend-shared and use them with your local copy of the client", rather than explaining what the package is.

> This guide explains how to make changes to the `frontend-shared` package and use them with your local copy of the `client`.

Reviewer: I suggest it might be clearer to replace `client` with a link to the client - ie. `[Hypothesis client](https://github.com/hypothesis/client)`

multiple Hypothesis front-end applications.

## Client setup

> Follow these steps to set up ``frontend-shared`` in the client repository.

Reviewer: Can you add a blank line after each heading. I just find this easier to read and more conventional in our markdown files.

> #### 1.Install yalc
>  Install the `yalc` tool globally if you have not already done so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Install yalc

Install the `yalc` tool globally if you have not already done so.
```

Missing space after "1." and extra space before "Install". In case it is helpful at all you can use Prettier to do a certain amount of markdown formatting, although its not as comprehensive as it is for code.

Install the `yalc` tool globally if you have not already done so.

```shell
yarn global add yalc
```

_Note_: [yalc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yalc) is the tool that we use for locally making changes to a shared package and testing the changes in another project.

#### 2. Build & publish

> Build the package and then publish to a a local yalc repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the package and then publish to your local yalc repository.
```

```shell
# from the frontend-shared dir
$ yarn build
$ yalc publish
```

#### 3. Link package

> In the `client` repository, link to you local pushed repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `client` repository, link to the package published with yalc
```

The link will point to what is effectively an extracted/installed package rather than a git repository.

# from the client dir

> $ yalc link  @hypothesis/frontend-shared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ yalc link @hypothesis/frontend-shared
```

Extra space

```

This will install the built local version of your ``frontend-shared`` repository in the ``client``
without a using symlink.

> _Note_: Currently, there is no support for watchers so any changes made to the ``frontend-shared``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: Currently, there is no support for automatically rebuilding so any changes made to the ``frontend-shared``
```

I know what is meant by _watchers_ but I think this might not be obvious to everyone.

> _Note_: Currently, there is no support for automatically rebuilding so any changes made to the `frontend-shared` files will need to be rebuilt and re-pushed as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: Currently, there is no support for automatically rebuilding so any changes made to the `frontend-shared` files will need to be rebuilt and re-pushed as follows:
```

Added a colon at the end.

```shell
# from the frontend-shared dir
$ yarn build
$ yalc push
```

_Note_: `yalc push` will automatically "push" the updated files to all copies of ``frontend-shared``

> that have been linked via `yalc link @hypothesis/frontend-shared`.

Reviewer: 👍 - good idea to include this tip.
